
This one's pretty simple.  Implement selection sort, and implement insertion sort.

I have included for your assistance:

1. a test case generator
2. a bit of code the runs the test case generator and tests the results
3. an example of bubble sort, written in a way that's compatible with the test case generator

You can run the test harness with `python tester.py` or equivalent.



## Coding Style Reminder

As mentioned in one of the videos, in this unit of the class we will write all of our sorting routines as functions (not methods), that take in a list and modify the order of things in that list (not returning a new copy of the list).

And, as I said, there are pros and cons to this choice, and it's a bit of an un-Pythonic approach, but I think that for our purposes it has fewer disadvantages than the alternatives.



## Selection Sort Reminder

In selection sort, you imagine that there is a Zone Of Order at one end of the list (usually the "low" end, but it could work the other way), and initially there are no elements in the Zone Of Order.  Instead, everything is in the Zone Of Chaos, i.e. the rest of the list, which starts out being the entire list.

And in each sweep, you *select* the best possible element from the Zone Of Chaos to move into the Zone of Order.  If your ordered zone is the "low" end, then the best possible element is the minimum-from-chaos, so find that one.  Then swap that with the first element in the Zone of Chaos, and that's it, the Zone of Order is one larger than it used to be.



## Insertion Sort Reminder

Just as in Selection Sort, there's a Zone of Order (initially empty) and a Zone of Chaos (initially everything), blah blah.

In each sweet, you take a single element out of the Zone of Chaos (typically the one with the smallest index, but any one would be fine), and *insert* that element into the Zone of Order in such a way that it goes where it belongs.  So look at your candidate-to-insert, and look through the Zone of Order, making room as you go, and then when you find the right spot, just *insert* the candidate in that spot!






